
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# pcIndex

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
<!-- badges: end -->

<figure>
<img src="inst/app/www/pci_score_transparent_torso.png"
alt="Peritoneal Cancer Index" />
<figcaption aria-hidden="true">Peritoneal Cancer Index</figcaption>
</figure>

## pcIndex: An Online Tool for Peritoneal Cancer Index (PCI) Calculation

### Objective:

The primary goal of pcIndex is to offer a convenient and accessible
online platform for medical professionals to input and calculate the
Peritoneal Cancer Index (PCI) during surgeries for patients with
peritoneal surface malignancies. Our tool is designed to be
straightforward and user-friendly, facilitating its use in both elective
and emergency surgical situations.

### Functionality and Data Privacy:

Users have the ability to input data across 13 anatomical regions,
ranging from the Central region (0) to the Lower Ileum (12), assigning
values of 0, 1, 2, or 3 based on lesion size. The PCI is then
automatically calculated by the tool. We are committed to user privacy;
hence, no data is collected or stored in a database. Users can export
the results to a PDF for printing or save them as a CSV file for
download. Please note, all data is cleared once the site is closed,
ensuring confidentiality and data protection.

### Adaptive Interface:

Depending on the surgical procedure selected (e.g., HIPEC, HITOC, PIPAC,
PITAC, CRS, Exploration), the interface dynamically adjusts to display
relevant data fields. This feature ensures that users have a tailored
experience, making the tool more efficient and relevant to the specific
surgical context.

### Reset Functionality:

A convenient reset button allows users to quickly set all lesion sizes
back to 0, streamlining the process for subsequent calculations.

Our tool is designed to be intuitive and efficient, ensuring that
medical professionals can focus on the critical aspects of surgery and
patient care with the support of a reliable PCI calculation resource.

## Access

You can access the site here: <https://taja.shinyapps.io/pcIndex/>
